what's up ladies and gents immature no
one is back this is what you can expect
from this gaming channel this is a
stealth genre kind of channel fee games
of spy games
I do this next part rather fast
there's going to be a couple of guards
that are coming down this way and they
might spot you a little bit
alright this part is going to be a
little tricky
oh yeah
st. by the monster
ladies and gentlemen synastry no one
bringing you my most anticipated game of
2013 Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell
blacklist catches were clear
alright
oh snap look at this
grand theft auto 5 exhibits red
morgan said
actually take him out now this is all
based off timing right here you need to
be super quick grab his body and hide it
if you do it fast enough then you should
be okay if not then you like it
you'll see what I'm talking about just a
second
wow they're gonna be but it safe there's
anything fun
I definitely recommend shooting this guy
from here first because it's so cool
fuck no I got it right down go into that
direction throw the book spot right
there nobody screwing around with you
buddy
yes all right ladies and gentlement
there you go that's what you get on
senator ain't no one only the best peace
out bitches